create a readme so that the main screen should have two options first for teacher login and second is a student login that is disabled for now and on teacher login hardcode data with sample email and password. Then after the screen will show date section choosing options with options like section ABCDEFGHIJ tilt K okay then below that we will have two options bigger drag-and-drop area like thing, but that will on click start attendance that will open a camera screen, and the second option will be manual attendance on start attendance. New screen New page should appear where teacher can upload multiple photos or or photo and then it can click on run analysis. Then we will have a heart coated data of section F students with name role number and serial number and their photo link in a separate constant holder and after running, it will show a list of all the students using sad scene, and you shadcn for all the project SHADCn then the list will show like a to do list where all the students that are present will be checked marked and after that if the error has happened and teacher have teacher can easily take and tick students and on manual attendance from the second screen clicked when this screen will directly appear where screen can manually take and take the students present or absent, and then below button will be there or save attendance that will export the attendance in PDFNCSB format. The PDF exported will have options of date, section teacher, subject name and the list will have serial number name, roll number and status, present or not. In the fourth screen. Where to use teacher can take the attendance manually. Also had option of all present that will take all and and check all for Anchal have all the rights. They can use the images to take attendance or manually can also take the attendance or use images, then manually edit the attendance and then it can export it as PDF or image and also add option of directly sharing WhatsApp created readme.md with all plan

